[ Claire ]
Okay, let’s see.
Could you grab me
an extra-virgin–
I think one’s enough
for the sacrifice.
Olive oil, Phil.
[ Chuckles ]
Come on. That’s funny.
Oh, it’s funnier than your
freestyle sandwich rap.
Girl, you crazy.
I’m mad fun to shop with.
[ Rapping ]
♪ Trapped in between
two whole wheat slices ♪
♪ Pastrami and Swiss
are my only vices ♪♪
Sweetie, my shoe.
Come on. Geez. God.
Hello.
Hi.
Oh, roadblock.
Sorry.
Beep, beep.
Hah, hah.
Pardon me.
[ Crash ]
Oh!
Are you okay?
Actually, not okay.
Not okay.
Honey. Did you pull
from the bottom again?
So after hors d’oeuvres,
we’ll bring everyone in here
to share the news.
We’re having the family over
tomorrow night...
to tell them we’re planning
on adopting a new baby.
Yes, and we both agreed
to go a little more low-key
with the announcement this time.
[ Woman ]
♪ Let’s hear it for the boy
Ah, let’s give– ♪♪
- [ Stereo Off ]
- Okay, just to be clear–
This is low-key?
It’s a banner and just some
light musical accompaniment,
Mitchell.
I don’t have a lower key.
Besides,
this is a happy occasion.
Am I right, Lily?
Aren’t you excited to
get a new baby brother?
No. I hate the baby.
We are having a slight issue...
getting Lily on board
with the adoption.
"I hate the baby."
"No new baby."
"I want to make the baby dead."
I thought we weren’t gonna share
that one.
I-I just hope that the problem
is she hasn’t spent much time
with any babies.
So we thought it would be
a great idea...
to show her how much fun
it’ll be to have one around.
Oh, he is so cute.
Yeah, and he
never cries.
[ Giggles ]
Literally never. It’s
actually a little weird.
Oh, no, that’s not weird.
My sister was born
with a full set of teeth. Yeah.
That never happened.
No? Really?
You should’ve seen her crib.
It looked like beavers
lived there.
Oh, is this Lily?
[ Mitchell ]
Oh, yes, it is. Hey, honey.
Say hi to the baby.
- My daddy!
- Oh!
[ Baby Crying ]
Okay. Well,
that’s one problem solved.
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
Bye! See you soon.
Or never.
Cam, I’m a little freaked out
about what Lily did.
Oh, please.
She barely touched him...
and he went from zero
to big crybaby.
We’re talking about bringing
another child into this house.
How’s that gonna work with Lily
being so possessive of you?
Why am I hearing
an accusatory tone?
Oh, come on. You have to admit
that you do coddle her.
I will not apologize
for loving our daughter.
I’m not criticizing.
I’m not only criticizing,
but we did talk about giving
Lily a little more independence.
Yeah, which is why
we put her in preschool.
Yes, but you can’t bear
to leave her there.
You always pick her up early.
That is ridiculous.
Okay, okay.
Lily, honey.
Did Daddy pick you up
early from preschool today?
- No.
- Case closed.
We didn’t go.
- Case opened.
- We went shopping.
That’s enough.
We bought matchy hats.
You are going
to your room.
You’re both going to her room.
Do we spend
a lot of time together? Yes.
Do we have a special bond?
Absolutely.
But do I coddle her more
than any other loving parent?
Mm-hmm.
[ Water Running ]
It’s possible.
And for Lily’s sake,
I should probably work on that.
[ Gloria ]
No, you calm down!
This is how I talk
when somebody accuses
my Manny of stealing!
Who is that?
It’s the principal.
He’s saying that Manny stole
some girl’s locket.
What? You think that all
Colombians are criminals...
because the Colombian necktie
is a symbol of violence
all over the world?
Oh, no,
I’m not threatening you.
Okay, apology accepted.
No, I didn’t mean anything
about the necktie.
I just– I was trying
to make a point.
[ Haley Laughs ]
[ Typing ]
[ Laughs ]
Could you "L"
a little less "O-L"?
Don’t you see what
I’m trying to do here?
Die alone?
[ Claire ]
Girls, dinner!
Why does Luke get his own room
and I still have to share with
you? I can’t take it anymore.
Me either. Even if it is
just for one more year,
when I leave for college.
Is it one more year,
or when you’ll leave
for college?
Because those happen to be
two different things.
Uh–
So I hear this little voice
coming from the cans,
and it’s like, "Help!
I fell in the peaches!"
[ Chuckles ]
It’s Mom.
Hilarious.
So hilarious.
I’m, like, "Claire?"
You might want to tell them that
it was you who pushed me into
the peaches in the first place.
This again.
I wasn’t even near you.
Yes, you were.
You knocked me
with the cart.
It was completely
your fault.
Well, let’s just
agree to disagree.
No, I-I disagree
to disagree.
Then you agree.
No. No, I don’t,
because I’m right.
Okay, Claire.
You’re right.
- As usual.
- No, I am right.
Like always.
Stop it.
When I am wrong, I admit it.
Which is never.
- Fine. Fine.
- [ All Laugh ]
[ Gasps ]
You’re a little jumpy tonight,
Manny. Anything wrong?
No.
Well, I’m just gonna–
Have a seat, kid.
You know, maybe it’s me,
but I thought you were
kind of squirrelly tonight–
you know, before,
when your mom was on the phone
with the principal.
Almost like
you wanted to say something,
but you just couldn’t.
Anything you want to say now,
Manny?
No.
I got nothing to say.
You sure about that?
Think real hard.
Could I get
a glass of water?
That girl’s locket.
You took it, didn’t you?
Um–
Didn’t you?
Yes.
Yes, I took it.
I didn’t mean to.
I don’t want to hear
any excuses.
You’re gonna tell your mom,
and you’re gonna set this right,
you understand?
All right, get outta here.
Just one more thing.
You’re not, uh–
You’re not wearing
that locket, are you?
No, of course not.
It’s a girl’s.
Why would I want to wear it?
No reason.
[ Calling Quietly ]
Mom, hurry up. I don’t want
to be late for school.
[ Gasps ]
You didn’t tell her,
did you?
Ay. What’s the hurry
this morning?
Okay, what’s with the looks?
It’s like a silent movie
in here.
Okay.
I was walking behind this girl,
Alisha, who was moving away,
and I was working up the courage
to get her new address
so I can write her.
I express myself a lot better
on paper than–
Ticktock, kid.
Well, she dropped her locket,
and I picked it up, but she kept
walking, and I–
[ Gasps ]
You stole the locket.
After I told the principal
that you could have never done
something like that,
and I threaten him
with the Colombian necktie!
Manny, why?
Don’t worry. It wasn’t
’cause he wanted to
wear it.
I thought I could keep it
as something to remember her by.
But then you were yelling
at Mr. Vickers, and...
I was just too scared
to tell you.
Go to the car.
I’m really sorry.
Go.
Why would he do
something like that?
It’s bad enough that
he’s the boy
with the pan flute...
and the puffy shirts
and-and the poems.
Now he’s the jewelry thief.
Might be an upgrade.
Ay, Jay, this is not funny.
Those things stick to you.
My cousin Rosa Marina,
when she was 14,
she stole something,
and after that,
everybody thinks of her
as the girl who steals cars.
She stole a car?
Cars.
But after she got that label,
what else could she do?
Listen, you can’t control what
kids think, but you can make
sure he learns from this.
You take him to
the principal’s office.
He owns up to it.
He never does it again.
Okay, okay.
But what was he thinking?
This is not even real gold.
No way, Haley!
It was my idea!
I’m taking this room!
Over my dead body!
This is going to be my room,
and there’s nothing you can do
about it!
Seriously?
[ Mouths Word ]
What are you guys
fighting about?
Okay, so we both think that
this would make a totally
awesome bedroom.
But only one of us
can have it.
Don’t you think it should be me?
Oh, so not.
It should be me,
right, Luke?
Why do you guys want to
move into the attic?
Oh, you mean the penthouse?
With all the privacy of being
on its very own floor?
It is kinda cool.
I’m not an idiot.
I knew what they were up to.
But I’ve been wanting to move
for a while.
There’s a line of ants
going to a trick or treat bag
in my closet,
and I don’t
want to still be there
when they get tired of candy.
Good morning, princess.
Good morning, Lily.
That’s very adorable, Mitchell,
but I’m having kind of
a rough morning.
Daddy, up.
I’m sorry, Lily.
Those days are over.
Now, here’s your lunch.
Go get your bag.
We will be leaving shortly.
Cam, you don’t have to
ice her out completely.
Do you think
I’m enjoying this?
But I need her to detach from me
before the new thing comes,
or who knows
what she’ll do to it.
Why are you saying "thing"
instead of "baby"?
[ Lily ]
Kill new baby.
Oh.
Um, look,
I-I know this is hard,
but I really appreciate
what you’re doing.
And believe me,
I take no pleasure in seeing you
suffer like this.
I take a little pleasure.
No, but there are
very few parenting issues
where I come out on top.
You know, I’m distant.
I work too much.
My French braiding is "sloppy."
Finally, you know,
something that isn’t my fault.
Ready.
Okay.
Could you please just go
put her in her car seat
while I compose myself?
Right. You know what, Cam?
Why don’t I just take Lily to
preschool on my way to work?
I think that would be best.
Let me just whip up a smoothie
for you before you go.
I push the buttons, Daddy.
You certainly do.
[ Blender Whirring ]
What do you think the
principal’s going to do to me?
I am a first-time offender.
[ School Bell Rings ]
Oh, great, now I’m tardy.
Strike two.
Manny, think of this
in a positive way.
Like it is your "ha-ha" moment.
What does that mean?
That means that one day
you’re gonna laugh about it.
I should have just gave
that stupid necklace
back to Alisha...
when she was standing
right next to her locker.
[ Sighs ]
This is the worst day
of my life.
Till tomorrow,
and every day after that.
Come on, Mom.
Let’s just get this over with.
[ Sighs ]
Wait.
What?
Which one did you say
that it was her locker?
- This one?
- Mm-hmm. The one that
smells like rose oil.
Mom?
Keep the lookout.
Now promise me
that you will never ever
do anything dishonest again.
I promise.
Okay, because that’s not
the way I raised you.
Don’t tell Jay
anything, okay?
Mm-mmm.
All right, Lily.
Hi, Lily.
Hi.
Have fun, sweetheart.
Bye.
She is so sweet.
Oh, thanks.
Well, you should’ve
seen her yesterday.
Yeah. She pushed
a baby off of Cam’s lap.
Huh.
I know, I know.
She is so possessive
of him.
But, Cam’s really working
on trying not to coddle
her so much, so–
Mm-hmm.
I’m not really sure
it’s about coddling.
Sounds more like
a sharing issue.
You know, we’ve noticed
Lily has a hard time with that.
Really?
I wouldn’t worry.
Kids usually pick that habit up
from other kids.
Except the ones who pick it up
from their parents.
We have a few of those in here.
Of course, I can’t share
those names with you.
Until I get a glass of wine
in my hand.
[ Laughs ]
Oh. Oh, Miss Elaine.
I have been told that
I might have the teensiest issue
with sharing.
But is that something
Lily would even pick up on?
My chicken.
My pillow.
Ow.
Daddy’s pen.
Crayons.
Okay, it’s possible,
and I suppose for Lily’s sake,
I-I should work on that.
Yeah, privately.
Because right now,
we really need to get
Cam’s coddling problem
under control.
What’s going on?
Moving into the attic.
Give me a day or two
to get settled,
and I’ll have you up.
When did all this happen?
Depends on who you ask.
My plan’s been in motion
for three weeks.
Honey, this is a terrible idea.
You’re gonna hate it up there.
Mom, stay out of this.
Yeah, we all have
our own rooms now.
Everybody wins.
Well, don’t get
too comfortable
in there, girls.
Luke, it’s cold
and it’s scary up there.
You’re gonna be back
in your own room
by tomorrow night.
I don’t know, Claire.
It’s got a lot of potential.
This is a lot nicer
than the attic
I lived in when we met.
One night, if that.
Trust me on this.
Oh, yes, because
you are always right.
Sweetheart,
I would love to be wrong.
I just don’t live
with the right people
for that.
Let it go, kids.
She’s not gonna budge.
Kept me up all night with–
Phil, you did push me!
Your word against mine.
Guess it’s one of those things
we’ll just never know.
Like what really happened
to the Titanic.
It hit an iceberg.
Maybe.
Mmm, there’s no maybe.
Oh, you’re right, Claire.
- Again.
- Surprise, surprise.
Okay, I will see you
over at Uncle Mitchell’s.
I’m going to skip this meeting
of the "pile on Claire club."
Guess I pushed her
into that pile too.
[ Laughing ]
[ Footsteps Approaching ]
I spend half my life
waiting on you.
How many times do you
have to change your outfit?
Sorry, Jay.
Too many choices
is a prison.
Just drive before
he rethinks the pants.
What’s wrong with my pants?
Go, go, go.
So Manny,
how’d it go with
the principal today?
It was terrible.
But he was brave,
and now it’s over.
Right, Manny?
Mm-hmm.
So–
What’d they give you?
Detention? Suspension?
No, just a warning,
because it was first offense.
So how’s work?
Great.
Just a warning, huh?
Like she said.
So I ask about work,
and you change the subject.
Are you trying to hide
something?
No. I just want to
make sure he’s okay.
You okay?
’Cause, I mean, it looks like
you’re sweatin’ bullets
back there, kid.
Stop grilling him.
First the principal,
now you.
This poor boy is being
screamed at all day.
Well, now–
Quiet! I’ve got this.
[ Gloria ]
Where is Lily?
Um, she’s getting dressed.
All by herself?
Cam is encouraging her
to be more independent.
Oh.
And there she is!
[ All ]
Ahh!
[ Mitchell ]
Doesn’t she look beautiful?
Oh.
Mm-hmm.
She looks like she was
dipped in glue and dragged
through a flea market.
[ Indistinct ]
[ Alex ]
Hey!
[ Phil ] Hey.
[ Mitchell ]
Hey, guys.
How’s it goin’?
Hey, do you guys have
any old furniture?
I’m moving into the attic.
The attic?
Hey, at least it’s big.
Grandpa said you used to
live in a closet.
Oh, okay.
Well, you know what?
Yeah, we’ll absolutely find you
something for sure, okay?
My daddy!
Lily, no!
I’m sorry, Luke.
This isn’t over.
Oh, my God, Mitchell.
She’s getting worse.
I have turned her into a pushy
little entitled monster...
on her way to a rap sheet
and a bracelet on her ankle.
Oh, she has a bracelet
on her ankle.
Cam–
[ Giggles ]
Cam, this might not be
entirely your fault.
No, it is.
I spoke with Lily’s teacher,
and she thinks that she may have
a problem with sharing,
which she might
have gotten from–
You. You don’t
like to share.
No, I do it to
make a point sometimes.
Like, if you want the chicken,
then order the chicken.
Wait, when did you talk
to Lily’s teacher?
Uh, today when I–
when I dropped
her off at school.
And you let me suffer
all day?
Look. W-We can’t do this
with everybody here.
Can we please just
get through the evening?
Yes, but we are not making
the announcement tonight,
because that is a joyful thing,
and I am not feeling
very joyful right now.
Well, I share your feeling.
I–
Just so you know, I’m onto you.
You never took Manny
to the principal.
Okay, play it like that.
But I know Manny.
He has more of a conscience
than you have.
He’s not gonna be able
to live with this.
You’d be surprised
what people
can live with, Jay.
Hi, Miss Lily.
How’s my big girl doing?
Good.
Can you tell me
how old you are now?
Three!
[ Chuckles ]
Well, that’s four.
This is three.
Okay, show me again.
How old are you?
Three.
No, that many is four.
This many is three.
Don’t argue, Lily.
You’ll never win.
Really, Phil?
Okay, I-I was going to wait
until we got home for this.
But now I think it’s something
everyone’s gonna enjoy. Guys–
Everybody, come on down
to the TV room.
I’ve got something
really special to share.
Okay, how’s everybody
on drinks?
If this is Alex’s
graduation again,
just leave me the bottle.
I’m good, Cam.
Okay, everybody, showtime.
Oh, my gosh.
It’s us at the market.
Uh-huh. Yeah,
it’s security camera footage.
[ Phil ] How did you–
I don’t understand.
What are we watching?
It ain’t The Godfather.
Okay, look.
I fell yesterday at the market.
Phil and I have been having
a little disagreement
as to what happened.
Just watch.
Okay, right here.
I stop to fix my shoe,
and then Phil–
Right there. Okay.
He makes way for this
very attractive woman,
whom he conveniently
leaves out of his
retelling of the story.
Now, right here, Phil backs up,
pushes his butt into the cart,
pushes me into the cans.
Do you see that?
It’s all his fault!
Just like I said!
I was right!
Suck it!
When did you get this?
Oh, my God.
That’s why you wanted
to come separately.
You went to all that trouble
just to prove you were right?
It really wasn’t
that much trouble.
I went to the store, found
your friend Jordan, the bag boy,
who got me the manager.
He gave me the address of
the off-site security office.
I filled out some paperwork.
Sally faxed it to corporate.
Three minutes later,
I’m buying a pack of DVDs
and burning a copy. Cake.
It’s like a sickness.
What?
None of you believed me,
so I got proof.
You should all be sucking it
right now.
Ay, please stop
with the "sucking it," Claire.
They’re children.
Yes, children are very
impressionable. You’ll never
know what they’ll pick up.
Okay, Cam,
I’m sorry that I blamed it
all on you, okay?
But we both need to
look at our actions.
I mean, if we’re thinking about
adopting another baby,
then we need to–
- You’re adopting another kid?
- [ Cameron ] That’s not the way
you make an announcement!
- Banners! Banners!
- Thank you, but it’s not a–
♪ Ah, let’s
give the boy a hand ♪
[ Haley ] Oh, wow.
What the hell’s
happening here?
Is that from Footloose?
- ♪ Let’s hear it
for my baby ♪
- Really, Mitchell?
You couldn’t even share
telling your family.
[ Stereo Off ]
- [ Chuckles ] It’s fine.
- Why are you upset?
This is such good news.
No, we’re a little on edge
because Lily
has been acting out,
like she doesn’t want
a sibling–
Yeah, because
Mitchell taught her
to hate sharing.
And, or, because Cam wears her
like a fanny pack.
Oh, stop blaming each other.
No kid wants a sibling.
I mean, Claire hated you
so much, she stuck you
in a dryer when you were two.
You put me in the dryer?
I did. But it wasn’t
’cause I hated you.
My friend Marcie said that
it wouldn’t run with a kid
inside it, and I knew it would.
- I was right.
- Good governor.
It’s been going on
since you were five?
Oh, my God,
it is a sickness.
Yeah.
What would make me have
that need at such a young age?
How long was I in that dryer?
Because–
I-Is this why I’m
afraid of tumbling?
I had to quit gymnastics,
Claire!
A childhood
without tumbling?
Oh.
You knew this,
and just stood by
and did nothing?
Okay, okay.
What’s done is done.
All you can do is
learn from your mistakes.
And in that spirit,
I would like to propose
a toast to Manny.
This week, he did something
he wasn’t supposed to do,
like we all do–
Like we all do!
Salud to Manny.
Not yet.
But Manny stood up
like a man.
He admitted he was wrong,
and he took his licks.
And I’m damn proud of him.
- Ah, now we clink.
- No, we clink
when I say we clink.
So Manny made a mistake,
but he didn’t
take the easy way out.
He’s got guts. He’s got
integrity. And as far as
I’m concerned, he’s the best–
Okay, stop, stop!
I didn’t do any of that!
Mom broke into the locker and
threw the necklace inside, and
then we ran away like cowards!
I’m sorry, Jay!
I’m sorry!
I knew it.
I was right! I was right!
[ Together ]
Ohhhh.
[ Phil ]
Okay. Yup.
[ Thump ]
[ Luke ]
Who is it?
Oh, hi, honey.
Just me.
Are you okay?
Yeah. I’m great.
So how are you liking
your new digs?
I know you told me
that I’d be cold–
Mm-hmm.
and scared, but I’m not.
No, I can see that. I was wrong.
You were.
Yeah.
Well, you’re gonna hate this
then, honey,
but I’m gonna need you to go
back down and sleep in your
old room.
I just– I’m worried
if you get something so cool...
this early in your life,
you’re not gonna have anything
to look forward to later.
I have to go now?
You can spend the rest of
the night here, if you want.
Oh, no.
If it’s so important to you,
I’ll go now.
You should come too.
Something sleeps over there.
Wait for me. Wait.
Wait for me. Wait for me.